[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Your third eye is a portal
into different dimensions
of being.
It is also referred to as
the mind's eye, or inner eye.
Focusing on this area can
activate your astral body
and begin the vibrational
stage rather quickly.
Today, we will focus on the
third-eye chakra, or brow
chakra, located in the middle
of your forehead as the gateway
into the astral plane.
With an activated
third eye, you will
be able to navigate your life
through your multidimensional
awareness and through your
higher frequency energy.
In this recording,
I will guide you
through a relaxation meditation,
a third-eye visualization
leading to the
astral experience.
Make sure that you will not
be disturbed for the remainder
of this recording.
Make yourself comfortable.
You can be laying down or
in a reclined position.
Slowly close your eyes.
Know that you can, at any time,
wake up in case you need to,
and you are
completely in control.
Take a deep breath
in through your nose,
hold it for a couple of seconds,
and exhale through your mouth.
Take another deep breath,
hold it, and exhale.
Repeat this a few more times.
Now allow your breath
to reach a natural flow
and begin to relax your body.
Feel your mind releasing any
stressful thoughts or tension
that you may have accumulated
throughout the day.
Slowly begin to feel a nice,
warm energy around your feet.
You can imagine the energy
as a golden light removing
all the tension
stored in your feet,
relaxing all the
muscles around each toe
and making its way down
and into your heel.
The golden light moves
up to your ankles,
releasing and renewing
all the muscles
as it moves up to
your shins and calves.
You feel peaceful and relaxed
as you imagine the golden energy
flowing into your knees,
renewing all the tendons
and muscles in and
around your knees.
As it continues to
travel up to your thighs,
relaxing all the muscle
groups in your legs,
it feels so good to
just be and let go.
The golden light is soothing
as it enters your buttocks
muscles, pelvic area, and lower
abdomen, releasing all tension
and just relaxing.
Keep your breathing
nice and steady,
releasing any tension
through your breath,
as the warm golden energy
moves up into your chest area,
and it feels so
good and peaceful.
The golden energy moves up
your back and spinal column,
relaxing all the big
and small muscles, all
the way up to your shoulders
and down to your arms, elbows,
wrists, hands, and fingers,
releasing all the tension
stored in these muscles.
This golden energy travels up
to your chin, jaw, cheeks, nose,
and eyes, relaxing all
the muscles of your face.
It feels so good to let go
of all facial expressions
and just let go and relax.
The warm, golden
light now travels up
to your forehead and scalp.
You may feel a
tingling sensation
as the light flows
inside your head,
relaxing your
whole, entire head.
You may also feel
a gentle vibration.
And now that you are
completely relaxed,
I would like you to visualize
a small sphere the size
of the fist of your hand
floating at the level
of your third eye,
above your eyebrows
at the center of your forehead.
It is an indigo sphere,
so luminous and vibrant.
You can see the energy
vibrating and moving
within this small sphere.
Slightly roll your eyes
upward with your eyes closed,
as if you were trying
to see the sphere
right above your eyebrows.
Make sure you feel no
discomfort while doing this,
just slightly gaze in that
direction for a second,
and then back to your
normal eyesight position.
Now do this one more time,
slightly rolling your eyes
upward and center, as if
you are seeing the sphere
through closed eyelids.
And then back to
your normal position
once again, focusing
on your breathing,
relaxing, and letting go.
I am going to count from 15
to 1, and when I reach 1,
you will be more
relaxed than before,
the sphere coming closer
and closer to your forehead.
15.
14.
13.
12.
11.
10.
9.
8.
7.
6.
The sphere is gently
coming closer and closer
to your third eye.
5.
Feeling calm and relaxed.
4.
You feel light and peaceful.
3.
Basking in the closeness of
this beautiful indigo sphere.
2.
The closer it is, the
more relaxed you feel.
And 1.
Feeling protected and at peace.
You are now completely relaxed,
as the indigo sphere is now
touching your third eye.
Slowly, the sphere enters
your third-eye space
so that half of it is inside
your forehead and half of it
is outside.
The sphere feels cool, and you
can feel a very gentle tingling
sensation or a slight vibration
coming from the sphere.
Focus on the sensations that
may arise in your third eye.
You feel this energy
radiating from the sphere
begin to flow through
your whole body,
activating your astral energy.
Keeping your awareness
on your third eye,
allow the energy of
the sphere to travel
through your body from your
head down to your toes.
Bring your full attention
back to your forehead area.
Feel the sphere slightly
pulsating with light
and beginning to rotate
like a gentle vortex that
is drawing your astral body
up through your third eye.
You may slightly roll
your eyes upward,
as if you are
looking at the vortex
in the middle of your forehead.
Visualize yourself
as pure energy.
You let go and allow the
vortex to gently pull
your whole astral
energy body until you
exit through your third eye.
Travel through your third
eye and leave your body,
knowing that you are safe
and connected at all times.
Will yourself to exit
through your third eye.
Keep feeling the sensations
in your third eye
as the indigo light
activates your astral body.
Gently will yourself
out of your body.
Your third eye is a gateway
into the astral plane.
Your third eye is now activated.
Your astral body is now
exiting through your third eye.
You are now exiting
through your third eye
and entering the astral plane.
Keeping your focus on the third
eye and the indigo sphere,
allow these affirmations to
seep into your consciousness,
into your experience.
I am now out of my body.
I am astral projecting.
My third eye is now activated.
I am boundless.
I am an unlimited being.
I am pure energy.
I am free.
I am now leaving my body.
Astral projection
comes easily to me.
I get better and better
at astral protecting.
I am enjoying my out
of body experience.
I exit now.
I leave my body.
I am always connected,
even while out of my body.
I am free from fear and doubt.
I am astral projecting.
I have positive
experiences out of body.
I am leaving my body.
I am prepared for astral travel.
Astral travel is just a
normal part of my life.
I am connected to
my astral body.
My mind is calm and aware.
When I experience astral travel,
I know I am in perfect control.
I always create a
positive experience.
My awareness is
open and expanded.
I can easily access
my astral body.
I am relaxed and at peace.
I remember my out
of body experiences.
I am being pulled
higher and higher.